CNV-61041: Update bare-metal requirements for CNV (#101241)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt_{context}"]
= Bare-metal cluster installation requirements for {VirtProductName}

[role="_abstract"]
If you plan to use {VirtProductName} on a bare-metal cluster, you must ensure that your cluster is configured correctly during installation.
This is because {VirtProductName} requires certain settings that cannot be changed after a cluster is installed.

[id="virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt-HA_{context}"]
== High availability requirements for {VirtProductName}

> If you plan to use {VirtProductName} high availability (HA) features, you must have multiple control plane nodes at the time of cluster installation. The `controlPlaneTopology` status for the cluster must be `HighlyAvailable`, and the `Replica` value must be at least `2`.

Author: Updated the HA section to discuss the context of HA for virtualization - @kbidarkar please take a look and let me know if this is sufficient. There are already some admonitions / notes in this section, so I'm trying to avoid adding more and just have this information more naturally included in the paragraph instead.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt_{context}"]
= Bare-metal cluster installation requirements for {VirtProductName}

[role="_abstract"]
If you plan to use {VirtProductName} on a bare-metal cluster, you must ensure that your cluster is configured correctly during installation.
This is because {VirtProductName} requires certain settings that cannot be changed after a cluster is installed.

[id="virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt-HA_{context}"]
== High availability requirements for {VirtProductName}

> When discussing high availability (HA) features in the context of {VirtProductName}, this refers only to the replication model of the core cluster components, determined by the `controlPlaneTopology` and `infrastructureTopology` fields. Setting these fields to `HighlyAvailable` offers component redundancy, which is distinct from general cluster-wide application HA. Setting these fields to `SingleReplica` disables component redundancy, and therefore disables {VirtProductName} HA features.

Reviewer: For clarity, it might be helpful to specify the API object that the `controlPlaneTopology` and `infrastructureTopology` fields belong to.

> If you plan to use {VirtProductName} HA features, you must have at least 3 control plane nodes at the time of cluster installation. The `controlPlaneTopology` status for the cluster must be `HighlyAvailable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to use {VirtProductName} HA features, you must have at least three control plane nodes at the time of cluster installation. The `controlPlaneTopology` status for the cluster must be `HighlyAvailable`.
```

Reviewer: While it is okay to use the numeral, the rest of the document uses the word form, so I would suggest using the word form here as well for consistency.

> If you plan to use {VirtProductName} HA features, you must have at least three control plane nodes at the time of cluster installation. The `controlPlaneTopology` status for the cluster must be `HighlyAvailable`.

Reviewer 2: We should drop "at least" in the above line. 3 is the recommended count for control plane.

[NOTE]
====
You can install {VirtProductName} on a single-node cluster, but single-node {product-title} does not support HA features.
====

[id="virt-planning-bare-metal-cluster-for-ocp-virt-LM_{context}"]
== Live migration requirements for {VirtProductName}

* If you plan to use live migration, you must have multiple worker nodes. The `infrastructureTopology` status for the cluster must be `HighlyAvailable`, and the minimum recommended number of worker nodes is 3.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You can install {VirtProductName} on a single-node cluster, but single-node {product-title} does not support live migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install {VirtProductName} on a single-node cluster, but {sno} does not support live migration.
```

If you will use {VirtProductName}, it is important to be aware of several requirements before you install your bare metal cluster.

> * If you want to use high availability (HA) features, you must have multiple worker nodes _at the time of cluster installation_. This is because live migration requires the cluster-level high availability flag to be set to true. The HA flag is set when a cluster is installed and cannot be changed afterwards. If there are fewer than two worker nodes defined when you install your cluster, the HA flag is set to false for the life of the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If you want to use live migration features, you must have multiple worker nodes _at the time of cluster installation_. This is because live migration requires the cluster-level `controlPlaneTopology` set to be `HighlyAvailable` . The `controlPlaneTopology` is set when a cluster is installed and cannot be changed afterwards. If there are fewer than two worker nodes defined when you install your cluster, the `controlPlaneTopology` is set to TODO for the life of the cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: If you want to use high availability (HA) features, you must have multiple control-plane,master and worker nodes _at the time of cluster installation_. Also, live migration requires the cluster-level `controlPlaneTopology` set to be `HighlyAvailable` . The `controlPlaneTopology` is set when a cluster is installed and cannot be changed afterwards. If there are fewer than two worker nodes defined when you install your cluster, the `controlPlaneTopology` is set to `SingleReplica` for the life of the cluster.
